Doc updated for Industrial Edge Getting Started (#261)
hybrid-cloud-patterns/docs: content/patterns/industrial-edge/getting-started.md

   or

   ```sh
   export KUBECONFIG=~/my-ocp-cluster/auth/kubeconfig
   ```

1. Apply the changes to your cluster from the root directory of the pattern

   ```sh
   ./pattern.sh make install
   ```
   The `make install` target will deploy the Validated Patterns Operator, deploy all the resources define in the `values-datacenter.yaml` and execute the `make load-secrets` target to load the secrets configured in your `values-secrets-industrial-edge.yaml` file.

# Validating the Environment

1. Check the operators have been installed

   ```text
   Operators > Installed Operators
   ```

>    The operators that should be installed on the HUB cluster are the following:

Author: @abhatt-rh Thank you so much for the assistance! All your suggestions have been applied.

   ```text
   Operator Name                  Namespace
   ------------------------------------------------------
   advanced-cluster-management    open-cluster-management
   amq-broker-rhel8               manuela-tst-all
   amq-streams                    manuela-data-lake
   red-hat-camel-k                manuela-data-lake
   seldon-operator                manuela-ml-workspace
   openshift-pipelines-operator-  openshift-operators
   opendatahub-operator           openshift-operators
   patterns-operator              openshift-operators
   ```

1. Access the ArgoCD environment

>    As a convenience the ArgoCD application links can be found in the OpenShift Applications Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can find the ArgoCD application links listed under the **Red Hat applications** in the OpenShift Container Platform web console.
```
